doc: Add hints for configuring ANDROID_HOME (#389)
robolectric/robolectric.github.io: docs/building-robolectric.md

   different OpenJDK installation and configuration tutorials, please search the internet to learn
   how to do it.

> ### Configure necessary environments
> 
> #### System environment `ANDROID_HOME`
> 
> Current Robolectric repository requires system environment `ANDROID_HOME` to retrieve the official
> `android.jar` for internal validation.
> 
> For macOS, there are some potential configuration files that Android Studio might recognize:
> 
> 1. `~/.bash_profile`.
> 2. `~/.zprofile`.
> 
> #### Install required `android.jar`
> 
> Current Robolectric repository requires `android-34.jar` installed in
> `$ANDROID_HOME/platforms/android-34/android.jar`.
> 
> The simplest way is to use Android Studio's `SDK Manager` to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `ANDROID_HOME` environment variable

Robolectric requires the system environment variable `ANDROID_HOME` to download the official
`android.jar` for internal validation.

For Linux/macOS, this variable may be defined in one the following locations:

- `~/.bash_profile`.
- `~/.zprofile`.

### Install the required Android platform

Robolectric requires Android API 34 to be installed in
`$ANDROID_HOME/platforms/android-34/android.jar`.

The simplest way to get it is to use Android Studio's [SDK Manager](https://developer.android.com/studio/intro/update#sdk-manager).
```
